README.md, before:

# Backend Engineering Interview Assignment (Golang) Movie Festival APp

## Disclaimer
This is a sample project for backend engineering interview.
If you find these routing isn't best practice, because currently open api doesn't support middleware per endpoint for auto generated endpoint.
That's why i separate the routing into different file. so each routing can use it's own middleware. see more [issue](https://github.com/oapi-codegen/oapi-codegen/issues/518)

## Requirements

To run this project you need to have the following installed:

1. [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) version 1.21
2. [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
3. [oapi-codegen](https://github.com/deepmap/oapi-codegen)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install github.com/deepmap/oapi-codegen/cmd/oapi-codegen@latest
    ```
4. [golang-migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install -tags 'postgres' github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4/cmd/migrate@latest
    ```
    [sqlc](github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc/cmd/sqlc@latest
    ```
5. [golangci-lint](https://github.com/deepmap/oapi-codegen)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install github.com/golangci/golangci-lint/cmd/golangci-lint@latest
    ```
6. [mock](https://github.com/uber-go/mock)

    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install go.uber.org/mock/mockgen@latest
    ```

7. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) version 20

8. [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) version 1.29

9. [Node](https://nodejs.org/en) v20

10. [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) v10

## Initiate The Project

To start working, execute

```
make init
```

## Running

Run using the script `run.sh`:

```bash
./run.sh
```

You may see some errors since you have not created the API yet.

However for testing, you can use Docker run the project, run the following command:

```
docke -compose up --build
```

You should be able to access the API at http://localhost:8080

If you change `database.sql` file, you need to reinitate the database by running:

```
docker compose down --volumes
```

## Testing

To run test, run the following command:

```
make test
```

Commit message:

feat: re-encode types email to safe string

README.md, after:

# Backend Engineering Interview Assignment (Golang) Movie Festival APp

## Preview
This is a sample project for backend engineering interview.
If you find these routing isn't best practice, because currently open api doesn't support middleware per endpoint for auto generated endpoint.
That's why i separate the routing into different file. so each routing can use it's own middleware. see more [issue](https://github.com/oapi-codegen/oapi-codegen/issues/518)

It's still not as clean as i want, but we achieve fully testable, automatically generated API, automatically generate querier so it's safe to use CQRS pattern and easy to maintain if so.

## Requirements

To run this project you need to have the following installed:

1. [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) version 1.21
2. [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/)
3. [oapi-codegen](https://github.com/deepmap/oapi-codegen)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install github.com/deepmap/oapi-codegen/cmd/oapi-codegen@latest
    ```
4. [golang-migrate](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install -tags 'postgres' github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4/cmd/migrate@latest
    ```
    [sqlc](github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install github.com/kyleconroy/sqlc/cmd/sqlc@latest
    ```
5. [golangci-lint](https://github.com/deepmap/oapi-codegen)
    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install github.com/golangci/golangci-lint/cmd/golangci-lint@latest
    ```
6. [mock](https://github.com/uber-go/mock)

    Install the latest version with:
    ```
    go install go.uber.org/mock/mockgen@latest
    ```

7. [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) version 20

8. [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) version 1.29

9. [Node](https://nodejs.org/en) v20

10. [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) v10

## Initiate The Project

To start working, execute

```
make init
```

## Running

Run using the script `run.sh`:

```bash
./run.sh
```

You may see some errors since you have not created the API yet.

However for testing, you can use Docker run the project, run the following command:

```
docke -compose up --build
```

You should be able to access the API at http://localhost:8080

If you change `database.sql` file, you need to reinitate the database by running:

```
docker compose down --volumes
```

## Testing

To run test, run the following command:

```
make test
```
